---
position: 10
layout: explainer
slug: what-is-it 
title: What and why?
---

At HolidayCheck we believe it is important to consciously and explicitly invest in people. We also believe that one of the best possible outputs to be generated by experienced Engineers are more experienced Engineers. This leads us directly to the our apprenticeship program:

The apprenticeship targets people with little professional experience but lots of potential. We want to harvest that potential and turn it into growth. Personal growth, professional growth and, last but not least, growth for HolidayCheck. Apprentices are fully compensated employees who will hopefully stay with us for a long time.

### The Format

You will be hired by HolidayCheck as regular employee.

You will be teamed up with two of our experienced Software Crafters who will guide you along the way for a period of **6 months**.

Together with your mentors you will devise an **individual curriculum** based on your interests and the **six categories** described below.

The program consists of **3 phases:**

* **The Basics:** A period of self study and improvement. 
* **The Business:** Throughout the program you will **join different teams** and learn about our product and infrastructure. 
* **The Masterpiece:** A project that makes use of everything you learned before, with the potential to have a positive impact on HolidayCheck.

The program ends with a **graduation** as a **Software Crafter**. After that you will join one of our product teams full-time to work on the HolidayCheck product.
